README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cloudfoundry/collector.png)](https://travis-ci.org/cloudfoundry/collector)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/cloudfoundry/collector.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/cloudfoundry/collector)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/repos/51d0a9ebf3ea004764027944/badges/336e8c6c62d48583f959/coverage.png)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/51d0a9ebf3ea004764027944/feed)

Cloud Foundry Metric Collector
=====================
The `collector` will discover the various components on the message bus and
query their /healthz and /varz interfaces.

The metric data collected is published to collector plugins. See the `lib/historian` folder for [available plugins](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/collector/tree/master/lib/collector/historian) such as OpenTSDB, AWS CloudWatch and DataDog. Plugins are extensible to publish data to other systems.

Additional metrics can be written by providing
`Handler` plugins. See `lib/collector/handler.rb` and
`lib/collector/handlers/dea.rb` for an example.

## Contributing

Please read the [contributors' guide](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/collector/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Add "DEPRECATED" to collector README
[#104212372]

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cloudfoundry/collector.png)](https://travis-ci.org/cloudfoundry/collector)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/cloudfoundry/collector.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/cloudfoundry/collector)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/repos/51d0a9ebf3ea004764027944/badges/336e8c6c62d48583f959/coverage.png)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/51d0a9ebf3ea004764027944/feed)

(DEPRECATED) Cloud Foundry Metric Collector
=====================
__NOTE__ :The collector is being deprecated. The recommended way of getting metrics out of your Cloud Foundry environment is to use a firehose nozzle.


The `collector` will discover the various components on the message bus and
query their /healthz and /varz interfaces.

The metric data collected is published to collector plugins. See the `lib/historian` folder for [available plugins](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/collector/tree/master/lib/collector/historian) such as OpenTSDB, AWS CloudWatch and DataDog. Plugins are extensible to publish data to other systems.

Additional metrics can be written by providing
`Handler` plugins. See `lib/collector/handler.rb` and
`lib/collector/handlers/dea.rb` for an example.

## Contributing

Please read the [contributors' guide](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/collector/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
